12.09.2022. 3:30PM PT Gpup hci 22h2 release scenario 40059391 (#3145)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/hyper-v/Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter.md

---
description: Assigns a partition of a GPU to a virtual machine.
external help file: Microsoft.HyperV.PowerShell.Cmdlets.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Hyper-V
ms.date: 09/22/2022

> online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/hyper-v/set-vmgpupartitionadapter?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp

Reviewer: ```suggestion
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/hyper-v/set-vmgpupartitionadapter?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
```

 [-MinPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionDecode <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Object
```
Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter [-VMGpuPartitionAdapter] <VMGpuPartitionAdapter[]> [-Passthru]
 [-MinPartitionVRAM <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionVRAM <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionVRAM <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionEncode <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionEncode <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionEncode <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionDecode <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
The 'Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter' cmdlet assigns a partition of a GPU to a virtual machine. Running the command against a virtual machine assigns a full partition. Additional parameters exist to assign more specific options to a VM.

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
$vm = get-vm test
Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter -VM $vm
```

> Assign a partition to a VM passing a VM object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assigns a partition to a VM passing a VM object.
```

---

> description: Configures host partitionable GPU to the number of partitions supported by the manufacturer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Configures a host partitionable GPU to the number of partitions supported by the manufacturer.
```

external help file: Microsoft.HyperV.PowerShell.Cmdlets.dll-Help.xml
Module Name: Hyper-V
ms.date: 09/22/2022
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/hyper-v/set-vmgpupartitionadapter?view=windowsserver2022-ps&wt.mc_id=ps-gethelp
schema: 2.0.0

---

# Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter

## SYNOPSIS

> Configures host partitionable GPU to the number of partitions supported by the manufacturer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Configures a host partitionable GPU to the number of partitions supported by the manufacturer.
```

 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### VMObject
```
Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter [-VM] <VirtualMachine[]> [-Passthru] [-AdapterId <String>]
 [-MinPartitionVRAM <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionVRAM <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionVRAM <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionEncode <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionEncode <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionEncode <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionDecode <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

### Object
```
Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter [-VMGpuPartitionAdapter] <VMGpuPartitionAdapter[]> [-Passthru]
 [-MinPartitionVRAM <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionVRAM <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionVRAM <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionEncode <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionEncode <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionEncode <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionDecode <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionDecode <UInt64>]
 [-MinPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-MaxPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-OptimalPartitionCompute <UInt64>] [-WhatIf]
 [-Confirm] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION

> The **Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter** cmdlet Configures host partitionable GPU to the number of partitions supported by the manufacturer.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `Set-VMGpuPartitionAdapter` cmdlet Configures host partitionable GPU to the number of partitions supported by the manufacturer.
```

Reviewer 2: Please also change "Configures" to "configures a"

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```powershell
PS C:\> Set-VMHostPartitionableGpu -ComputerName �SampleHost� -partitioncount 8

> ```

Reviewer 3: This example has invalid characters and the `-partitioncount` parameter is not valid.

> Partition a GPU in a specific host

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Partitions a GPU in a specific host.
```

Author: Wrong example reference. Included the right cmdlet as docset/winserver2022-ps/hyper-v/Set-VMHostPartitionableGpu.md

### Example 2
```powershell

> PS C:\> $GPU = Get-VMHostPartitionableGpu -name "SampleGPUDeviceIDName"

Reviewer 3: The `-partitioncount` parameter is not valid.

Set-VMHostPartitionableGpu -Name $GPU -partitionCount 4
```

> Partition a GPU in a host using the GPU Device ID Name:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Partitions a GPU in a host using the GPU device ID name.
```

## PARAMETERS

### -AdapterId

> The virtual machine graphic processing unit partition identification number that you are interested in displaying.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The partition identification number of the virtual machine graphic processing unit that you want to display.
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: VMName, VMObject
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CimSession
Runs the cmdlet in a remote session or on a remote computer.
Enter a computer name or a session object, such as the output of a [New-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227967) or [Get-CimSession](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=227966) cmdlet.
The default is the current session on the local computer.

```yaml
Type: CimSession[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ComputerName

> Specifies one or more Hyper-V hosts on the virtual network adapters are to be retrieved.
> NetBIOS names, IP addresses, and fully qualified domain names are allowable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies that one or more Hyper-V hosts on the virtual network adapters are to be retrieved.
NetBIOS names, IP addresses, and fully qualified domain names are allowed.
```

The default is the local computer.

> Use localhost or a dot (.) to specify the local computer explicitly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Use localhost or a dot (`.`) to specify the local computer explicitly.
```

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Credential
Specifies one or more user accounts that have permission to perform this action.
The default is the current user.

```yaml
Type: PSCredential[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxPartitionCompute

>  Maximum number of compute assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Specifies the maximum number of compute assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxPartitionDecode
Maximum number of decoders assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxPartitionEncode

> Maximum number of encoders assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the maximum number of encoders assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MaxPartitionVRAM

> Maximum VRAM supported by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maximum VRAM supported by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MinPartitionCompute

> Minimum number of compute assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Minimum number of compute assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MinPartitionDecode

> Minimum number of decoders assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Minimum number of decoders assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MinPartitionEncode

> Minimum number of encoders assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Minimum number of encoders assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MinPartitionVRAM

> Minimum VRAM supported by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Minimum VRAM supported by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OptimalPartitionCompute

> Optimal number of compute assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optimal number of compute assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OptimalPartitionDecode

> Optimal number of decoders assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optimal number of decoders assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OptimalPartitionEncode

> Optimal number of encoders assigned by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optimal number of encoders assigned by the host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -OptimalPartitionVRAM

> Optimal VRAM supported by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer driver.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Optimal VRAM supported by the Host GPU. This is defined by the manufacturer's driver.
```

```yaml
Type: UInt64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Passthru
Returns an object for each process that the cmdlet started.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VM

> Specifies the virtual machine whose virtual network adapters are to be retrieved.
> . The asterisk, "*", is the wildcard.
> If it is specified the cmdlet returns virtual network adapters from every virtual machine in the system.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Specifies the virtual machine whose virtual network adapters are to be retrieved. The asterisk (`*`) is the wildcard.
If it is specified the cmdlet returns virtual network adapters from every virtual machine in the system.
```

```yaml
Type: VirtualMachine[]
Parameter Sets: VMObject
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMGpuPartitionAdapter

> GPU partition object obtained from **Microsoft.HyperV.PowerShell.Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter**.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
GPU partition object obtained from `Get-VMGpuPartitionAdapter`.
```

```yaml
Type: VMGpuPartitionAdapter[]
Parameter Sets: Object
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -VMName
Specifies the name of the virtual machine whose network adapters are to be retrieved.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: VMName
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 0
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
